idGenerator request object (#62) (#64)
fastify/session: README.md

Updates the `expires` property of the session.

#### Session#regenerate(request)

> Regenerates the session by generating a new `sessionId`. Don't forget to pass the fastify.request object if your id generator uses it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regenerates the session by generating a new `sessionId`. Don't forget to pass the `request` object if the `idGenerator` function parameter uses it.
```
